[Music]
very good my dearest Lovers of the
heart I hope you're having a
spectacular day and I'm delighted to
be here today because today there are some
surprises coming Tonight we have a
live show and it's a live show that you're going to
like a lot it's a live show that you're going to
love stay tuned to the Channel
during the afternoon because during the afternoon I
'll be telling you things okay I'll
be announcing things that you can
enjoy and that soon you're going to know and you're really looking forward
to knowing in fact
today we have a lot of news to discuss
today we have a warm atmosphere and a
chaquearde atmosphere with all this about 8m
because you already know that everything related
to Rocío Carrasco and her charade goes hand in
hand with Irene Montero with the
political campaign of Podemos and well a whole
business and a machine that never stops
turning even though the
TV factory and TV can no longer use
racillito in their images they continue to draw on
friends to do things and
tonight a program is being broadcast in
which Rosito as you already knew  I was commenting
yesterday from the car he continues with his
refrain and continues with his tirade of
Woman abused by Antonio David what
is going on well it seems that
the great Ivan Hernandez as he is going to
tell us in this video that I am going to
comment on and I am going to share
below how good missing
words no but it would be missing more I hope
you are subscribed to Ivan's channel and
banks Jesus Manuel Ruiz and his team of
lawyers not in law of the heart but
well I assume that yes
everyone is subscribed before
continuing with the video I ask you all to
please subscribe it is
completely free and you are doing me a
huge favor because we are also
looking forward to reaching 100,000
subscribers and it seems that we are already
smelling it it doesn't seem that we are smelling it
and vague Hernandez has sent the order
of dismissal of Antonio David and
will wait for the statements of Rocio
Carrasco to initiate legal action
against her the producer the
presenter and the board of
directors of Spanish radio television are
warned and about its possible
civil and criminal liability well Let's
watch Ivan's video and I'll
tell you a little about what I think and what I
think has happened here but it's
more than evident that well we already know
where Rossito is going to go that's why
Ivan,
representing Antonio David,
has let them know things as they are so that they
know in case they intend to treat
Antonio David as an abuser Let's go
I think the first thing is that you have to
listen to the program if it is
decided to omit it I think that Antonio
David Antonio David must have
done some action through his lawyers
and I think that his Instagram is going to
make some reference to it well
this already tells us Ivan that
surely Antonio David today while
the program is airing will
make some reference in his
Instagram stories So we will be very
attentive In addition, we will be
live one thing when he decided to pay
tribute She was a great working woman
okay This is not the case what
Jesús Manuel is proposing here Hey,
maybe Rocío Carrasco today is going to be a
tribute to her mother who is a
working woman in fact in fact there are several
clips of Rocío Jurado  That are going
viral today, women's day,
we have this one for example, I am a feminist,
I am not a detractor of men at all,
I am a defender of women's rights,
which is different, she
declared herself a feminist, but that does not mean that a
detractor of men, no, someone who
wants to destroy men is not a
feminist, it is something else, but it seems
that the new feminism, to empower
women, wants to destroy some men
or men, there are no people who
hate men, not really, and this clip is
also going viral, these clicks
that I am putting up for you, this one and this one that I am
putting up below belong to an
interview that Julia Otero,
the presenter of tonight's program,
did with Rocío Jurado and
Rocío Carrasco was also there, she is not the
girl in this specific interview, from
this moment, okay, but this
program was from July, Julio Otero,
okay,
look at the little question she asks her, I ca
n't resist asking them, can you
tell me your bra size, can you
tell me your bra size, I'm going
to tell you, it
's the mentality that you are, the one that you
had to put on so as not to ask me that
question,
go ahead, go ahead, go ahead  take out Well
these two feminist clips of Rocío
Jurado are going viral today
because of Women's Day but
no, that's not the case okay, I mean, that's not the case,
no, Rocío Carrasco is not going to go today, well
the program has already been recorded,
some images have been broadcast in advance and
no, the tone is the same okay, she's not going to
talk about her mother or to empower the
figure of her father, she's not going to
empower herself because she never So I'm
not going to do it yet tomorrow maybe she'll pay
tribute to her mother
as a great international working woman
all those things or what she's
going to do Well, it seems that
a small extract has already come out and the
meaning is the same as these two years
but Exactly the same, I wanted to commit
suicide because my daughter was going to defend
her father on Big Brother and I link that
to abuse because I feel like it
anyway But
enough, another television station
has a serious problem it's the board of
directors of Spanish radio and television
who I think are informed
of the judicial resolutions Exactly
okay, I mean, Spanish television,
those responsible for the program if they broadcast
an atrocity tonight they're going to  to
knowingly issue
judicial resolutions, okay,
resolutions that will
have in their content more things than
we actually know, okay, no.
Simply dismissed because there was a lack of
evidence, no, in those proceedings, in those
resolutions there will be data and information that lie,
rice, imagine, I'm going to
make one up and right now. Hey,
this suicide attempt is not how
she paints it because in reality it was
another way according to this report, according to
this report, okay, I'm
making this up. But it could be an example of
things that disprove the
Carrasco children. So if tonight they broadcast
an atrocity, they are going to broadcast it
knowing that it is an atrocity. I
think they are informed of everything that
is not true and of all the issues and
for these purposes, when we return to the same
old thing, no, you. Here there are different
jurisdictions, the civil one against honor
and then there is the criminal jurisdiction. This
is the responsibilities of whoever
intervenes, but there are also the
responsibilities of producers,
presenters, and members of the Board of
Directors. If a member of the Board
of Directors knowingly allows
illicit conduct, they have a
responsibility and they have a
responsibility.  In this case, in court,
the responsibility is double because
we are on a public network, on a
network that must reveal
real information and must reveal in order to
respect judicial decisions. That is
very strong, that is, being a
public network, not only that, but they would be
violating the honor of a
citizen who pays his taxes, I
imagine not family. What do you think
about all this? I will be reading you in the
comments box. See you tonight.
Don't miss it, I'm telling you, don't miss it, and a
big hug.
[Music]